Template.html has a display of todos and a potential calendar display.
When template.html wants to create a new todo, a form will be opened up with a required title and optional description, notes, due date, checklist, priority, and folder.
Title, descriptions, and notes are all text inputs.
Checklists are also a text input with an additional marker to say if they are true or not.
The due date opens up a calendar where you select a day and a checkbox to optionally choose an hour.
Priority is a sliding scale that, for now, lets say starts with 0-3.  The lower the priority the less important it is.
Folders is a list of folders that the todo can go into.

Index.js has an event listener waiting for the form to finish and will take the data and give make a new todo from it.

There are two different displays for todos.  One tab shows todos sorted by how soon they need to be done or sorted by how recently they were added.
Options to only show certain folders.
Each todo shows a name, possibly short description, a color based off of urgency, and a banner showing how many days left until due date.
Clicking onto a todo opens up the todo with a possibly longer description, checklists, and a tab for notes.  Options to mark it as complete, delete it, or add to different folders.

Second is a calendar view which also shows todos on each day


Problems:
The calendar.  How do I select a time and how do I make an accurate calendar,
Google calendar uses a table instead of a calendar which I like.  I still need a way to accurately make the calendar though.



Still todo:
Create Todo Menu and logic.
Adding todo's to folder
    In create folder?
    Create todo?
    Probably a dropdown menu of todos
Need to mark todo as complete.
Have a complete folder.


Calendar changes {
  Clicking month brings up a drop down of years + months
  Still need to generate todos on the calendar from a todo list
  Need to clean up the whole code of the calendar, everything is a bit of a mess at the moment.
}

General needs {
  Creating new todos.
  Folders.
  A logo?
  Currently the modals arent live connections.  If you change a modal on the calendar view it does not change the modal on the card view and vice versa.
  The calendar todos need a time stamp for when they are due.  Because of this, I need to either have a separate time stamp on the todo object or change the way time is kept on the objects.
  Still need to create the todo creator.
}

Currently The time cant have any spaces between the time and the am/pm or the calendar view may overflow.  

Remaining needs {
  Figure out a way to hook everything up.  The new todo modal can create new todos but has no where to put them.
  I've decided on the folders being put on the objects.  I still need logic for folders
  folder logic {
    
    A way to only show todos of a certain folder
    Folder Dialog needs editing on appearance
  }
  todos {
    A display of what folders they are in
    A way to mark a todo as complete
  }
  Currently my todo displays arent live {
    A potential fix is to have everything regenerate every time you click a new tab.
    Also keep the objects inside of their own object?  Dont think this will fix everything in its entireity, but exporting an array will only export a static copy
  }
  Still need a logo
  Optional {
    Create a new time input if I dont respect my own time still.
    folders {
      A way to edit folder names
      (And need to edit the folder creator to have todos).
    }
  }
}

Things to regenerate {
  the folder list
  the folder list inside of the new todo view
  The calendar view.
  the card view
  
}